<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
<body>
<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>Login with facebook</h1>
        <h:form id="fbform">
            <div id="fb-root"></div>
            <script type="text/javascript">

                function statusChangeCallback(response) {
                    console.log('statusChangeCallback');
                    console.log(response);
                    // The response object is returned with a status field that lets the
                    // app know the current login status of the person.
                    // Full docs on the response object can be found in the documentation
                    // for FB.getLoginStatus().
                    if (response.status === 'connected') {
                        // Logged into your app and Facebook.
                        testAPI();
                    } else if (response.status === 'not_authorized') {
                        // The person is logged into Facebook, but not your app.
                        document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Please log ' +
                                'into this app.';
                    } else {
                        // The person is not logged into Facebook, so we're not sure if
                        // they are logged into this app or not.
                        document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Please log ' +
                                'into Facebook.';
                    }
                }

                // This function is called when someone finishes with the Login
                // Button.  See the onlogin handler attached to it in the sample
                // code below.
                function checkLoginState() {
                    FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
                        statusChangeCallback(response);
                        if (response.status === 'connected') {
                            //console.log(response.authResponse.accessToken);
                            document.getElementById('fbform:fbaccesstoken').value=response.authResponse.accessToken;
                        }
                    });
                }

                (function(d, s, id) {
                    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
                    js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
                    //js.src = &quot;//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;appId=1394018220898026&amp;version=v2.0&quot;;
                    js.src = &quot;//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js&quot;;
                    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
                }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));

                window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
                    FB.init({
                        appId      : '1394018220898026',
                        xfbml      : true,
                        version    : 'v2.1'
                    });

                    FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
                        // alert(response.access)
                        statusChangeCallback(response);

                    });
                };

                // Here we run a very simple test of the Graph API after login is
                // successful.  See statusChangeCallback() for when this call is made.
                function testAPI() {
                    // console.log('Welcome!  Fetching your information.... ');
                    FB.api('/me', function(response) {
                        console.log('Successful login for: ' + response.name);
                        document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Thanks for logging in, ' + response.name + '!';
                    });
                }

            </script>
            <div class="fb-login-button" data-max-rows="1" data-size="medium" data-show-faces="false" data-auto-logout-link="false" scope="public_profile,email" onlogin="checkLoginState();"></div>
            <div id="status"></div>
            <h:inputHidden id="fbaccesstoken"/>
            <h:commandButton id="submit" action="#{faceBookMBean.submit}" value="submit"/>
        </h:form>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</body>
</html>

